DOC-4289: Manage Rules (#100)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Administration.rst

   returned if any.

.. _ManagingGamification:

=====================
Managing Gamification
=====================

To manage Domains, Rules and Badges in eXo Platform, you first need
to go to the **Gamification** page by clicking on the
top navigation bar, and select Gamification. The **Gamification**
choices pages will by displayed.

You can manage your rules or Badges by choosing **Manage Rules** or **Manage Badges**.

|image323|

.. _ManageRules:

Manage Rules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In the Manage Rules page, you will find a table of all rules in the platform.
Every rule have: 

> - Title: A descriptive title of the rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Title: A significant title of the rule.
```

> - Description: A detailed description of the rule, so that you can understand the rule goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: A description of the rule to explain its goal.
```

> - Score: Score will display how much points you obtain from this rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Score: The number of points obtained by the rule.
```

> - Domain: Every related is related to a specific domain, the related domain is displayed on this column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Domain: The domain of the rule. It could be **social**, **Teamwork**, **Knowledge**...
```

> - Enabled: You can enable or disabled any rule, and its status is displayed in the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled: The status of the rule. It could be **True** for enabled status or **false** for disabled.
```

- Action: A delete action for rules is displayed for every line of Rules table. 

|image324|

Add Rule
---------

You can add a new rule just by clicking on **Add rule** button above the Rules table.

A popup will be displayed containing a form to add a new rule.

Fields are the same displayed in the Rules table: 

- Title
- Description
- Score
- Domain (a pulldown to choose easily the rule domain)
- Enabled status (switch button to choose between Yes or No status)

> .. note:: Once your rule is added successfully to your Rules base, a success message is displayed : *Rule added successfully*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Once your rule is successfully added to the Rules base, a success message is displayed : *Rule added successfully*
```
